---
cv: maud_haering_-_cv.pdf
---
The French soprano Maud Haering has been passionate about early music repertoires for many years. As a member of both medieval and baroque music ensembles, she works regularly abroad with the *Amsterdam Baroque Choir* (conducted by Ton Koopman) and the *Collegium Vocale* in Ghent (conducted by Philippe Herreweghe). Since January 2022, she has also sung under the direction of Sébastien Daucé in numerous concerts with the ensemble *Correspondances (Charpentier's David et Jonathas*, Le Sacre de Louis XIV, Le concert secret des Dames, Vox Angelorum, Septem membra Jesu nostri) and will shortly begin working with the chamber choir *Les Éléments* (Lully's *Armide* at the Opéra Comique) and the ensemble Jacques Moderne, both conducted by Joël Suhubiette. The young soprano also performs regularly with the medieval music ensembles *Discantus* and *Alla Francesca* (dir. Brigitte Lesnes), *Arborescence* (dir. David Chappuis), *Sine Cum* and *Palin(e)* in polyphonic and monodic repertoire from the 12th, 13th and 14th centuries.

 In recent years, the light lyric soprano has been taught by Luciana Serra at the Arte del Belcanto academy in Lugano (Switzerland). She was also a student in Julie Hassler's baroque singing class at the Conservatoire du 11ème arrondissement in Paris, while continuing her master's degree in medieval singing at the Sorbonne under the direction of Benjamin Bagby and Katarina Livljanic. In June 2021, Maud will complete a master's degree in baroque singing at the Koninklijk Conservatorium Den Haag (The Hague) in the Netherlands, where she has benefited from the guidance of Peter Kooij, Francesca Aspromonte, Robin Blaze and Rita Dams, and where she received the prize for the best research master's thesis. In 2020 and 2021, she will be working under the direction of David Chappuis and Patrizia Bovi as part of two academies on French and Italian Ars Nova at the Abbaye de Royaumont.

A Foundation Royaumont laureate since 2020, Maud Haering plays an active role in the creation of musical performances. With the Oneiroï ensemble, she benefited from an incubator residency in January 2022 to create a show that premiered at the Abbaye de Royaumont in October 2022: *Trois Anneaux et autres récits décaméronesques*. Inspired by Boccaccio's Decameron and 14th-century Italian music, the four artists on stage will take you on a journey to the Mediterranean and the labyrinths of the human soul. With over 25 performances to its credit, *Trois Anneaux* is currently awaiting confirmation of its participation in the JMF (Jeunesses musicales de France) for the 2025-2026 and 2026-2027 seasons. Oneiroï will also be premiering a new show for young audiences at the Abbaye de Royaumont on 1 June, with the support of the Avignon Festival Off: *Between Heaven and Earth*. This time, the English music of the 17th century will take you to the top of a giant sequoia with a little magic and facetiousness. 

The soprano can be heard at the release concert for the album *Douce playsence* recorded in March 2024 by the Arborescence ensemble in the monks' refectory at Royaumont Abbey, which will take place during the abbey festival in October 2024. 

Also fascinated by the richness of the plant world around her, Maud Haering is completing a course in herbalism at the Ecole Bretonne d'Herboristerie - Cap Santé. Always on the lookout for harmony between music and the world around her, she is currently working on a project for open-air sung promenades around 17th-century court music with theorbist Thibaut Roussel, violinist Etienne Floutier and traversist and theorbist Gabrielle Rubio. These musical walks will take you on a voyage of discovery of the wild plants in our parks, towns and gardens.